in Russia the media covers Tony Stark's
disclosure of his identity as Iron Man
Ivonne Vanko whose father Anton Vanko
has just died sees this and begins
building a miniature arc reactor similar
to Starks six months later stark is a
superstar and uses his Iron Man suit for
peaceful means resisting government
pressure to sell his designs
Jiri Institute's the stark Expo in
Flushing Meadows to continue his father
Howard's legacy the Palladium core in
the arc reactor that keeps stark alive
and powers the armor is slowly poisoning
him and he cannot find it to substitute
growing increasingly despondent and
reckless due to his impending death and
choosing not to tell anyone about his
condition
stark appoints his personal assistant
Pepper Potts CEO of Stark Industries and
hire Stark employee Natalie rushman to
replace her as his personal assistant
stark competes in the monaco historic
Grand Prix where he is attacked in the
middle of the race by venko who wields
electrified whips
[Music]
dark dances mark-5 armor and defeats
panco
[Music]
but the suit is severely damaged Benko
explains his intention was to prove to
the world that Ironman is not invincible
impressed by vanko's performance Starks
rival Justin Hammer fakes vanko's death
while breaking him out of prison and
asks him to build a line of armored
suits to upstage Stark during what he
believes is his final birthday party
start gets drunk while wearing a mark 4
suit disgusted US Air Force Lieutenant
Colonel James Rhodes
Don Starks mark two prototype armor and
tries to restrain him the fight ends in
a stalemate the Rhodes confiscates the
mark 2 for the US Air Force Nick Fury
director of shield approaches stark
revealing rushman to be agent Natasha
Romanoff and that Howard Stark was a
shield founder whom fury knew personally
fury explains that vanko's father
jointly invented the arc reactor with
Stark though an Anton tried to sell it
for profit stark had him deported the
Soviets sent Anton to the gulag theory
gives stark some of his father's old
material a hidden message in the diorama
of the 1974 stark Expo proves to be a
diagram of the structure of a new
element with the aid of his computer
Jarvis stark synthesizes it when he
learns Vanko is still alive he places
the new element in his arc reactor and
ends his palladium dependency at the
expo hammer unveils vanko's armor drones
led by Rhodes in a heavily weaponized
version of the mark to armor Justin
Hammer is arrested while etosha Romanov
and Tony Stark's bodyguard happy Hogan
go after Vanko at hammers factory thank
Allah escapes but Romanoff returns
controlled the mark to Armour to Rhodes
Stark and roads together defeat Benko
and his drones
[Music]
Edyta briefing while news footage of a
rampaging Hulk plays theory inform
starts that because of his difficult
personality shield intends to use him
only as consultant Stark and Rhodes
received medals for their heroism
in a post-credits scene SHIELD agent
Phil Coulson reports the discovery of a
large hammer at the bottom of a crater
in a desert in New Mexico
you